Detailing `-chdir` behavior with `terraform.d/plugin` folders (#31460)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/config/config-file.mdx

If a `terraform.d/plugins` directory exists in the current working directory
then Terraform will also include that directory, regardless of your operating

> system. *The behavior is slightly different when using `-chdir` with the `init` command,
> the launch directory, not the directory specified with `-chdir`, is used
> for checking for the existence of the `terraform.d/plugins` directory.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system. This behavior changes when you use the `-chdir` option with the `init` command. In that case, Terraform checks for the `terraform.d/plugins` directory in the launch directory and not in the directory you specified with `-chdir`.
```
